In the years thereafter, most of the Oil fields and platforms were named after pagan “gods”.
We love you Mr. Brown.
Chad has been awesome with the kids and holding down the fort while I work later than usual! The kids have been busy together playing Skylander on the XBox together, after Kyan cashed in his $$$ from his piggy bank. He wanted that game so bad and used his gift card from his birthday he has been saving and the money to get it (he never taps into that thing either, that is how we know he wanted it so bad). We made him count all of his money to make sure that he had enough! It was very cute to watch his reaction when he realized he did! He also does a very good job of letting Lola feel like she is playing too, by letting her switch out the characters! She loves it almost as much as him.
so anyways, i am going to share some home decor inspiration that i have been storing in my folder on the puter. i have all these amazing images stored away ready to come to life when we get our home.
With graduation season right around the corner, Nancy has whipped up a fun set to help you out with not only your graduation cards and gifts, but any occasion that brings on a change in one's life. I stamped the images in Memento Tuxedo Black and cut them out with circle Nestabilities. I embossed the kraft and red cardstock with TE's new Stars Impressions Plate, which is double sided and gives you 2 fantastic patterns. You can see how to use the Impressions Plates in this tutorial Taylor created. Just one pass through your die cut machine using the Embossing Pad Kit is all you need to do - super easy!
If you have an alternative argument, let's hear it! :)
If I were a bear,
Other friends have similar stories, of how they were treated brusquely by Laurelwood staff, and as often as not, the same names keep coming up. About a half-dozen friends of mine refuse to step foot in there ever again because of it. How many others they’re telling - and keeping away - one can only guess.
Although our beloved Cantab can’t claim the international recognition afforded the Station Inn, otherwise these two joints feel like twins separated by nothing more than distance. They share a complete lack of pretense that can’t be imitated or approximated. Their very ordinariness makes them special.
Peter Schiff: Hard to tell. It will look pretty bad for most Americans when prices will go way up and they can’t afford to buy stuff. It could also get very bad as far as loss of individual liberty. A lot of people will blame it on capitalism, on freedom, and they will claim we need more government. It could be used as an impetus for more regulation, which would be a disaster, or it could be an impetus to get rid of all the regulation that was causing the problem. But whether we will do the right or the wrong thing here in America, there will be a lot of pain first. We got some serious problems we have to deal with, but we are not dealing with the problems, we only make the problems worse.
3. Winter is the time when all sleeps on some level. It is a time of turning within to make contact with your own innermost being. Winter is the best time to do this and, as a result, get answers for yourself about whatever concerns you. It is also a tremendously creative time, a time for artists of all kinds to turn within and to seek images of forms he or she wishes to produce in whatever medium chosen, so that an image of balance can be presented. Those of you that write, we suggest that you do so to come up with plots and ideas that will speak of balance coming to an imbalanced situation, person, or world. To those of you who, like Priscilla, work with making patterns and designs, we would say remember the images and designs brought about by winter. White will challenge you to see what changes will manifest in the images you produce. We ask that you do this in your own environment.
I am en-route to Cornwall again. 3/4 months of slog and sun and sea too. Always a job needs doing in a tourist town. I’m bringing my stuff back from 97 on Friday. Will need to cancel bills before I retreat. Not such a bad thing. Moved to Leeds with promise from Millies. That went nowhere. Move on.
Pure large leaf Assam. No waffling with the leaf, thank you. I want it strong and dark with no herby frills. And for goodness sake no fruit mixers and no sweetener. Why would you do that to tea?
The also mention the effect on the night sky, an issue we raised in our report, which again was ignore by Lancing Parish Council!. “The use of all lighting, including that of the indoor football pitch dome, should be the subject of a planning condition to ensure that it is only utilised at appropriate times and when necessary to safeguard the ‘dark skies’ of the adjacent NP.“
State contracts worth over 100 MILLION ringgit!
People like you are unknowing transformers of things, protected by your own fairy-tale, by love.”
The one thing that was astounding though was the support from the marshals – they were all phenomenal for being out in the rain for so long and remaining so cheery and supportive. They were an amazing bunch. Owing to the nature of the course and very few closed roads meant that supporters who knew the area were able to skip around the course and a few people were seen about 5 or 6 times which was also super!!
We attend our friend Kendra's wedding -- such a joy to watch people see an end to year's of waiting.
A neighbor recommended “Chasing Fireflies” by Charles Martin. I’d never read anything by Martin before, although he was this neighbor’s favorite author. “Fireflies” is the story of Chase, a journalist who never knew his parents and was adopted by “Unc,” a colorful resident of a small Georgia town whose sayings and kind heart make him a memorable character. Chase is investigating the story of another orphan, this one a mute boy pushed out of a car on train tracks just before a train hit and killed his loser custodial “parent.”
Fallout by Ellen Hopkins (p.1-140)
Either Obama/Congress, etc. give in or, more likely, refuse. The group announces that the next device will be detonated in a populated area, with no warning. Again, “Obama,” et al., refuse to submit. This time the device is detonated in a mid-sized to major city. Tens of thousands die. (Think the atomic bombs that ended WWII.)
April was a month for new beginnings. Firstly, I finally finished my exams, and if all is good, I’ll be graduating in May. It still feels weird to know that the business degree I’ve been working for four years is finally mine. So now I’m in the process of looking for a new job. Secondly, I finally began moving in with my boyfriend of four years, and that’s a bit nerve-wrecking. As for reading books, the last week of April gave me an opportunity to relax and enjoy a few stories. As you will see, I have not finished much, but I have successfully began several hefty novels. I am happy with the progress I’ve made so far and the quality of books I’ve picked to read. The Fellowship of the Ring is surprisingly easy to read, considering all my fears about Tolkien and his writing. I am loving A Clash of Kings even though this season took a few liberties concerning the plot. Master and Margarita is my first Russian novel in a long time, and I have to say it’s surprisingly refreshing. I had to postpone my Virginia Woolf experience for later, as I find that I am just not in the mood for it. I should be returning to it a bit later.
I was hoping Howie would smash his face in the cake my sister made, but it seemed like he was more scared of it than anything, but after staring at it for a while and all of us cheering he started to dig in!
Contains DMAE which provides firming and toning benefits- Enhances facial contours- An anti-inflammatory that enhances the strength of other antioxidant therapiesVitamin C Ester - Patented- A powerful antioxidant that improves firmness and elasticity- Diminishes the appearance of fine lines, wrinkles and discoloration- Imparts a radiant, smooth and luminous appearance
for I did not come to condemn the world but to save the world.
When I was four years of age I remember being at home with my mom one day when a salesman tried breaking into our home. My mom was on the phone to her sister when the guy tried every door in the house. Her and I was curled up in a corner of the kitchen hiding with the phone hoping the guy would leave. It scarred me. I have never been trusting of them since this and I haven’t had one that has changed my mind.
Point 2: If it’s a show that your kid wants, a show about a book is always better than CRACCC.
Let’s say hypothetically, there is a bomb threat inside an airport. And there is only 10 minutes remaining it will explode. Inside the building there are few whites, blacks and Asian/middle eastern descents. And one of them has the code to disarm the bomb. So what would law enforcement do in a situation like this? Conduct a random check? Or eliminate the best possibilities by checking the Middle Eastern people first? If there are statistics and reasons to believe that threat comes from a certain race, is it unlawful to profile them? If a white man goes on a killing spree then should we waste time checking black men? Same goes to blacks or any other race. Isn’t it simple and smart to stay on facts and statistics or waste time and money by trying to be politically right?
‘Tis all.
Come join us next Tuesday February 21 st for discussion on Chapter 3. We will talk about personal will, self control and the ability to stay true to ourselves as we travel through this life. The gathering is fun, free and another opportunity to meet new people.
"The ANC had earlier approached the South Gauteng High Court to grant us leave to appeal its earlier ruling that the singing of the freedom song was unconstitutional and fitted the crime of incitement.
I am 32 weeks pregnant!
I have it on good authority that everyone in this company, particularly the strikers, recieved gifts in the company-organised Secret Santa. I also know that the strikers attended the company-funded Xmas Party, where they partook in the company-funded luncheon. They also recieved vouchers to the value of K100, from the company as Xmas gifts.
I've also pondered a more permanent solution that involves several smaller chronological blogrolls organized by blog type (like the color codes). But that seems like a lot of work to create and maintain, and I'm not sure it would be helpful to the reader.
»Scene 2: Shays’ apartment«
Prepare chicken fillets by flattening out a little on a board- They need to be thin and able to 'roll up' with a filling.
Her fiction and non-fiction has appeared in many magazines and reviews including Oprah Magazine. She has been featured in the New York Times, Newsweek, Time, USA Today and on the Today Show, and NPR radio.
It's a sickening feeling.
“It’s no costume, Pricklewood, I’m the real McCoy.” I then got down onto the carpet, grasped the feet of the armchair with my toes and lifted it off the ground. “How many humans do you know who can do that?” I asked.
Ed Switenky, manager of traffic engineering and operations, couldn't comment on any short-term improvements the city might be able to make to Governor's Road - in light of last week's accident.
And I very much doubt if it will end there. Because of all the foregoing factors, and the immediate crisis Murdoch faces, BSkyB’s movers know that he must do this deal….or wind up in very bad shape as a business. There may also come a point at which BSkyB find Murdoch himself simply too toxic to have as a buyer anyway.
Well, I'm off to clean up my craft space since it's a mess after working on my projects for this fun hop! Have a wonderful week everyone and I hope to have a project or two to share very soon! Until next time, take care!
Almighty and everlasting God, by whose Spirit the whole body of your faithful people is governed and sanctified: Receive our supplications and prayers which we offer before you for all members of your holy Church, that in their vocation and ministry they may truly and devoutly serve you; through our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen.
Complaining and repeating everything we already know every day will do you no good if you do not even have a dog as an early warning system or you allow your daughters to go gallivanting in the streets at night.
1/3 cup tomato paste
How many times have you heard someone say that so-and-so is too nice to tell the person they’re seeing that they want to call it quits, too nice to address unfair working conditions with their employer or too nice to ask someone to stop using that seat on the subway as a foot stool? There certainly are people who are soft-spoken and decidedly non-confrontational. But that doesn’t mean they’re nicer relative to everyone else. It’s just their personality. You can be assertive, honest and even outspoken and still be a very nice person.
Hmmm... In terms of traditional instruments we have things like a zither, a euphonium and a harmonium in there and I think a nose flute made it to the finished mix too. But I'm no Harry Partch or even Thomas Truax come to that. Life's hard enough. Having said that, I wouldn't mind having a bash on Truax's Mother Superior!
could be added to the gallery wall.
3 T ketchup
On The Lovin’ People, he has the benefit of a good backing band consisting of Pretty Purdie on drums, Artie Butler on organ & piano, and Joe Mack and Bill Salter on bass. The band, who play both loose and funky without ever sounding sloppy, helped produce a more laid back vibe and Chandler sounds more relaxed than he did on the earlier album. He has some better songs on this one, too, such as the title cut warm, poppy number about...well, “Lovin’ People,” on which the presence of a chorus (made up on the spot of people who had gathered to provide assistance to a mothers’ help organization) also helps temper Chandler’s unfortunate tendency towards over-earnestness. “The Naked Fool” is about a relationship gone bad, which doesn’t have anything new to say but will have a few toes tapping. “Sold Out, No More Reservations” is an interesting number about a male groupie, and “Bound to Fly” has a nice soaring quality, and Chandler’s lyrics and delivery mesh well on it. If anything the problem here is that Chandler is sometimes eclipsed by his backing band—check “Behind Your Eyes” where the band goes off on some nice free jazz-psychedelic tangents while Chandler seems to be trying to channel Sammy Davis, Jr.
I was worried I wasn’t going to like this. And not because I have an unhealthy love of comic book heroes and unrealistic expectations. No, I was worried because it seems the 98% of people I know had already seen it and enjoyed it. Even the wife. Thus, wading in with an opinion of ‘pfft…shite’ would prove about as popular as punching a kitten in the face. But in the end the fears proved unfounded as I really did like it.
Whether you’re looking at investing in residential, commercial or industrial property, the Urban Redevelopment Authority’s (URA) area planning and guidelines will have a long-term impact on your property’s values.
Thus began my frantic sprint down the corridor, pulling my reluctant suitcase as it bobbed off of anything in its path.
Other stars making the magazine’s 2011 Sexiest Women Alive list include model-turned-actress Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, jazz artist Esperanza Spalding, ‘Friends With Benefits’ star Mila Kunis, ‘The Help’ actress Emma Stone and singer Beyonce.
Ah, Parga. How many times have we sat in Paxos, looking across at the mainland at night seeing twinkling lights in the far distance? How many times have we wondered just what was it like over there? Well now we know. Unfortunately the place with the twinkling lights was not Parga but some other little community. We got it wrong. Parga was on the itinerary anyway. We concluded it was not worth the detour; two resort-y bays separated by an ancient Turkish fort on a steep hill and a cluster of souvenir shops, tavernas and restaurants. The marina was unwelcoming - we moored alongside a rusting, capsized ferry - and the trudge to buy some provisions took us along a neglected rubbish strewn track. Thomas would not leave the boat for fear we were robbed. But hey! Pull up the gangplank, crack open a beer and experiment with cooking in the galley.
M. Blakeman Ingle
I napped after studio class tonight. Andrew and I were up really late last night, despite going to bed at a somewhat decent time. We ended up talking to each other for about an hour and a half to two hours just about our lives and what was going on and stuff like that. It was a very nice talk, but it made me tired for today, which explains why I’m still awake now. But don’t worry…I’ll be getting to bed shortly, right after I shower.
Outsell spoke to us about the changes going on in education specifically in the development of custom textbooks.
Actually, this April 15, 1912, headline was based on preliminary news and was in error. The final tally shows that 1,513 lives were lost in the sinking of the Titanic, and there were only 711 survivors.
the autumn rains in righteousness.
Smokers I have little sympathy for – you made that decision, in the face of all the evidence that it’s not just seriously harmful to you, but to everyone around you, so I’m sorry, but you get to live with the consequences. And had I not lived, worked and socialised among smokers for most of my life, until the ban, I wouldn’t be anywhere near as ill as I am now, so sympathy is in very short supply.
I’ll wear pajamas and give up pajahmas.
I found myself chuckling out loud enough that the wife banished me to the easy chair in the living room at night (can't read this one in bed). I'd get up to get another soft drink and find that I had a big grin on my face.
- Food and drink disliking. I’m not really sure what the correct term is for this, but I developed a dislike for almost all of the foods that I once liked, and couldn’t drink fizzy pop at all! I think I may have literally lived on pickled onion space raiders and fruit juice for the entire first trimester…and possibly a lot of the second.
I recently tried a super fabulous restaurant that you MUST MUST try. I usually don't give restaurant recommendations, so trust me on this one. I decided to go down to South Norwalk and check out The SoNo Baking Company and Cafe that Martha Stewart is always yammering on about on Martha. This tiny hidden jewel was started by John Barricelli, who works for Martha and also hosts Everyday Baking on PBS. It is Fa. Bu. Lous. Seriously, that good. We had lunch and I tried a Cobb Salad that elevated the usual blah salad to a culinary masterpiece. I sat at the counter in front of a huge glass window and watched people roll out chocolate croissants with a vintage roller while I ate. (If you are a big geek, that is a huge thrill.) At one point in the meal, I actually saw John Barricelli through the glass instructing one of the bakers on how to place the chocolate chunks perfectly in the croissant. I considered banging on the glass to blow kisses and get my photo taken with him but I decided I had done that enough recently with both her and her, so I decided to play it cool and just eat my lunch quietly. I also brought home a huge selection of pastries and enjoyed every single one (in the name of research, not gluttony, mind you). John is coming out with a cookbook in early March. You can be a geek like me and pre-order your copy on Amazon today. The cafe is located right near the South Norwalk Aquarium and makes a good drive on a cold winter's day.
Sphere: V = 4/3
I’m sad you can’t be with us but we know you’ll be watching. I don’t know if you ever got to eat at Longhorn or not but I hear they cook a really mean steak.
Rm25
Of course it goes without saying that all the music above would probably have been familiar to Gardel's audience, too. But it's not that widely known here. It's not difficult or inaccessible music, but it's not a routine part of the popular culture in the same way that it would have been when Gardel was playing El dia que mi quieras, or even as it was when my grandmother's relations were making their own entertainment in Australia with performances of Bizet's Au fond du temple saint.
Oh yeah! Last year I was really Spicin' Things Up in the Kitchen! It was Hot Hot! Nope, the hubs and I weren't getting all romantical, we were installing tin into our cabinet for our spices! Get your heads out of the gutter!!
So …
We talked for a few minutes, and I thanked the secretaries for taking care of my son, and I suggested we go home. My son aggreed and said thank you to the secretaries and placed a death grip on my hand and didn't let go all the way to the parking lot.
In shrouds of words,
“Hell is larger today than it was yesterday, because many of us have failed to pray.”–David Smithers
BRAAMFONTEIN: Johannesburg Theatre manager Rulov Senekal (67) murdered in his apartment by two black attackers.
Valentines Day falls on February 14th each year. It is a holiday in which lovers express said love for each other, traditionally with flowers, candle lit dinners, heart shaped things, chocolate and greeting cards. The first Valentines cards were hand written but over time have made way for more mass produced greetings. These cards, for the most part, depict images of hearts, cupids and love struck victims.
Nicholas Ridley agreed with the Act of Supremacy, supporting Henry’s action. He became the king’s chaplain and later, in the time of Edward VI, he was Bishop of Rochester. He helped to write the Book of Common Prayer. He became Bishop of London and worked to improve the conditions of the poor.